hey Cody's blanking here making a little
video to show you how some of the scale
systems work
United States this is Louisiana they
have what they call away in motion will
see inside you're right
it explains it's about my halfway ultra
cheese right
and wait your truck
signs of your right that tell you
bypassed the scale in my case I have a
little box on my windshield call it free
pass it's a system set up where it sends
a signal to the scale house and analyzed
my truck got me a drive for all the
classifications that we have if
everything matches up and they're fine
with us then I'll get a green light
hitting here upbeat and tells me to
bypass the scales
some of the scales here Louisiana they
do the way in most should quit they go
ahead have everybody committees way that
doesn't have a free pass so they can
check the verify that the trucks are
faithful pay taxes for traveling across
the state of Louisiana
you see a green sign come here white
metal love
the scale the way station is actually
one mile away
and then you'll see the apparatus goes
across the interstate it has a box will
be an oven that rates my free pass to
tell the scale house
and there's one of the weigh-in-motion
signs
prepass follow in caps signal that would
be me no matter what it tells me on the
road of my box says
there's one the apparatus is hanging
over it as I go over that there's a
scale to no cross
now it's ended the signal after the
scale house and I should get a signior
just a moment
yeah this f3 life was going to go by
sands are on the rider not working today
because they had the scale closed
temporarily you'll see us on the right
that says subway station next right open
let the next sign of
you know lights tells you to bypass when
flashing that's put on for the activity
trucks in the weigh station in this case
it happens to be because there's an
oversized load on the scale and it takes
a little bit more time with them and now
I'm going to be passing over the final
verification point which is right there
and there's the scale house of the ride
and the end of the way in motion area
I can accelerate and
so anyway I hope you enjoyed the way we
did show you this the way we do things
here in the states I don't know about
how you do things over there I'm sure
it's probably pretty similar about you
know way in your truck to make sure your
illegal equipment
so a little shelter is good place to be
working at your scale but anyway how do
you drive safe out there mate we'll talk
to you later